Add linters, update docs (#23)
datajoint/element-electrode-localization: docs/src/tutorials/index.md

# Tutorials

## Installation

> Installation of the Element requires an integrated development environment and database.
> Instructions to setup each of the components can be found on the
> [User Instructions](https://datajoint.com/docs/elements/user-guide/) page. These
> instructions use the example
> [workflow for Element Array Ephys](https://github.com/datajoint/workflow-array-ephys),
> which can be modified for a user's specific experimental requirements. This example
> workflow uses several Elements (Lab, Animal, Session, Event, Electrophysiology, and
> Electrode Localization) to construct a complete pipeline, and is able to ingest
> experimental metadata and run model training and inference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Installation of the Element requires an integrated development environment and database.
Instructions to setup each of the components can be found on the
[User Instructions](https://datajoint.com/docs/elements/user-guide/) page. These
instructions use the example
[workflow for Element Array Ephys](https://github.com/datajoint/workflow-array-ephys),
which can be modified for a user's specific experimental requirements. This example
workflow uses several Elements (Lab, Animal, Session, Event, Electrophysiology, and
Electrode Localization) to construct a complete pipeline, and is able to store
experimental data and run data analysis.
```
